We've kind of fixed up a little bit like our old one.
So, I mean, we will need a new one down the line, but we just wait a little longer.
Who is your chief?
Thanks sir.
Or I said a little bit about everything.
That?
Well, I didn't have one until that won't go.
That'd be Keegan.
He was actually a mechanic in the reins for four years or arrogant.
He did a lot of stuff for us.
Keegan.
Keegan?
Yep.
So did you just know about him and planning to go after him or did you come?
He was in the grade before me, or grades.
Yeah, very lucky.
And where did you go to school?
Excel.
Okay, good.
It takes some money back and identify those people that can.
Okay, so we are being recorded.
Okay.